hi folks thank you for all you've been
doing to stop the spread of karela virus
thanks to all of you I believe we are
making progress and passing through the
peak but we will only be able to move on
to the second phase of this conflict
when our five tests have been met so
here's a reminder of those five crucial
tests one the NHS must have sufficient
capacity to provide critical care and
specialist treatment right across the UK
- there must be a sustained and
consistent fall in daily deaths from
coronavirus 3 there must be reliable
data to show that the rate of infection
is decreasing to manageable levels
across the board for operational
challenges including testing and PPE
must be in hand with supply able to meet
future demand and 5 we must be confident
that any adjustments to the current
measures will not risk a second peak of
infections that overwhelmed the NHS then
will be the time to move on to the
second phase and the worst thing we
could do now is ease up too soon and
allow a second peak of coronavirus